PYTHON-4082: Leverage MongoDB Local Atlas in AI/ML integration test (#5)
mongodb-labs/ai-ml-pipeline-testing: README.md

([LangChain](https://github.com/langchain-ai/langchainjs), [LlamaIndex](https://github.com/run-llama/llama_index), [Semantic Kernel](https://github.com/microsoft/semantic-kernel)... etc) This repository runs continuous testing against each of these repos.

## How to add a test
> **NOTE** All tests run against this repo are now required to work against a local atlas deployment. See details below to ensure proper set-up

### Test Layout

Each AI/ML pipeline is sorted by the composite of the name of the library, and the driver language the library is implemented in. This comes out in the format `{pipeline}-{language}` --> `semantic-kernel-python`. All tests should be scoped within the bounds of these subdirectories.

Within each subdirectory you should expect to have:

> - `run.sh`  --  This run script will handle any additional library installation, or steps to get the test suite running. Note, it does not need to include steps to scaffold the atlas database.

Author: This script _can do it_ so I don't want to say it "shouldn't". It's more a "careful evaluation required if you're doing the setup here"

> - `run.sh`  --  This run script will handle any additional library installation, or steps to get the test suite running. Note, it does not need to include steps to scaffold the atlas database.

Reviewer: What's the use case where a test suite _should_ have the population in `run.sh`?

> - `database/` -- Optional directory where the `.evergreen/scaffold_atlas.py` will read and use to population a mongo database with collection Information. Only provide this If your tests assume a pre-populated database

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- `database/` -- Optional directory where the `.evergreen/scaffold_atlas.py` will read and use to population a mongo database with collection information. Only provide this if your tests assume a pre-populated database
```

- `database/{collection}.json` -- JSON file with the mongo documents that will be upload to `$DATABASE.{collection}`

> - `indexConfig.json` -- File with Atlas Search Index configuration.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `indexConfig.json` -- An optional file containing configuration for a specified Atlas Search Index.
```

- Additionally, you can add useful environment files such as a `.env` file.

> Each subdirectory holds the space for one repository, and within each subdirectory is where evergreen will clone the specified third-party library.

Reviewer: I don't quite understand what this line is saying, can you explain?

Author: How about
"""
Each subdirectory will only clone one AI/ML Integration repo. Each subdirectory is scoped to run only one AI/ML Integration's suite of tests for one language within that cloned repository. For example, if an AI/ML Integration has both a Python and C# implementation of Atlas Vector Search, two subdirectories need to be made: one for Python, titled `{repo}-python`, and one for C#, titled `{repo}-csharp`. See `semantic-kernel-*` subdirectories in the layout example below.
"""

Author: Here, I'd want to err on the side of redundancy. The new revised speaks more explicitly and directly towards that use-case.

The general layout of this repo will looks like this:
```bash
├── LICENSE										# License Agreeement
├── README.md									# This Document
├── langchain-python							# Folder scoped for one Integration
│   └── run.sh									# script that executes test
├── semantic-kernel-csharp						# Folder scoped for one Integration
│   ├── database								# Optional database definition
│   │   └── nearestSearch.json					# Populates $DATABASE.nearestSearch
│   │   └── furthestSearch.json					# Populates $DATABASE.furthestSearch
│   ├── indexConfig.json						# Creates Search Index on $DATABASE
│   └── run.sh									# script that executes test
```

### Configuring a Atlas CLI for testing

> Each test subdirectory will automatically have its own local atlas deployment. Ergo, there is no need to worry about conflicting database names amongst AI/ML pipeline integrations. To retrieve the connection string to connect to local atlas, you can call `$atlas` from your `run.sh` script within your subdirectory. This exposes the atlas binary. For example:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Each test subdirectory will automatically have its own local Atlas deployment. As a result, database and collection names will not conflict between different AI/ML integrations. To connect to your local Atlas using a connection string, call `$atlas` from the `run.sh` script within your subdirectory. This exposes the local Atlas binary. For example:
```

```bash
CONN_STRING=$($atlas deployments connect $DIR --connectWith connectionString)
```

> Stores the local atlas mongodb uri within the CONN_STRING var. It can then place that as an `ENV_VAR` prior to running the test suite for the integrated library.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Stores the local Atlas URI within the `CONN_STRING` var. It can then pass `CONN_STRING` as a environment variable to the test suite.
```

#### Pre-populating the Local Atlas Deployment

> You can pre-populate the generated local atlas deployment before running the `run.sh` script by providing json files in the `database` directory of your created subdirectory. The `.evergreen/scaffold_atlas.py` file will search for every json file within this database directory and upload the documents to the database provided by the `DATABASE` expansion provided in your `config.yml` setup. The collection the script uploads to will be based on the name of your json file:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can pre-populate your test's local Atlas deployment before running the `run.sh` script by providing JSON files in the optional `database` directory of your created subdirectory. The `.evergreen/scaffold_atlas.py` file will search for every JSON file within this database directory and upload the documents within to the database provided by the `DATABASE` expansion provided in your `config.yml` setup. The collection the script uploads to is based on the name of your JSON file:
```

Reviewer: Is a `config.yml` also required for each integration? I don't see that called out above as a requirement.

Author: No, I've updated the commentary to remove the 2nd person pronouns which should clarify that everything is centralized in the same file.

- `critical_search.json` with `DATABASE: app` will upload all of its contents to `app.critical_search` collection.

> To create a search index, please provide the search index configuration in the `indexConfig.json` file. The evergreen script will create the search index on your behalf before the `run.sh` script is run so long as this file is found.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To create a search index, provide the search index configuration in the `indexConfig.json` file. The evergreen script will then create the search index before the `run.sh` script is executed.
```

What if an integration wants to test multiple indexes? Is that supported?

Author: That hasn't been a use-case needed yet, so we haven't built support for it. I'll note support for multiple index uploads is currently not supported.

> If you need more control on populating your database or configuring your local atlas deployment further, please have that run within the `run.sh` script. The path to the `$atlas` binary is provided within that script and you can view more ways to configure local atlas by visiting the [atlas cli local deployments documentation](https://www.mongodb.com/docs/atlas/cli/stable/atlas-cli-local-cloud/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you need more customized behavior when populating your database or configuring your local Atlas deployment, include that behavior in your `run.sh` script. The path to the `$atlas` binary is provided to that script. You can view more ways to configure local Atlas by visiting the [Atlas CLI local deployments documentation](https://www.mongodb.com/docs/atlas/cli/stable/atlas-cli-local-cloud/).
```

> ### Unpacking the Evergreen

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Unpacking the Evergreen config file
```

> The governing flow for how tests are executed stem from the `.evergreen/config.yml` where the evergreen script runs each test. The way we've structured the evergreen layout has this flow.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Test execution flow is defined in `.evergreen/config.yml`. The test pipeline's config is structured as follows:
```

Within each subdirectory you should expect to have:
- `run.sh`  --  A script that should handle any additional library installations and steps for executing the test suite. This script should not populate the Atlas database with any required test data.
- `database/` -- An optional directory used by `.evergreen/scaffold_atlas.py` to populate a MongoDB database with test data. Only provide this if your tests require pre-populated data.
- `database/{collection}.json` -- An optional JSON file containing one or more MongoDB documents that will be uploaded to `$DATABASE.{collection}` in the local Atlas instance. Only provide this if your tests require pre-populated data.
- `indexConfig.json` -- An optional file containing configuration for a specified Atlas Search Index.
- Additionally, you can add other useful files, including `.env` files, if required by your tests.

Each subdirectory holds the space for one repository, and within each subdirectory is where evergreen will clone the specified third-party library.

> The general layout of this repo will looks like this:
> ```bash
> ├── LICENSE										# License Agreeement
> ├── README.md									# This Document
> ├── langchain-python							# Folder scoped for one Integration
> │   └── run.sh									# script that executes test
> ├── semantic-kernel-csharp						# Folder scoped for one Integration
> │   ├── database								# Optional database definition
> │   │   └── nearestSearch.json					# Populates $DATABASE.nearestSearch
> │   │   └── furthestSearch.json					# Populates $DATABASE.furthestSearch
> │   ├── indexConfig.json						# Creates Search Index on $DATABASE
> │   └── run.sh									# script that executes test
> ```

Author: ```suggestion
The general layout of this repo will looks like this:
```bash
├── LICENSE										# License Agreeement
├── README.md									# This Document
├── langchain-python							# Folder scoped for one Integration
│   └── run.sh									# script that executes test
├── semantic-kernel-csharp						# Folder scoped for one Integration
│   ├── database								# Optional database definition
│   │   └── nearestSearch.json					# Populates $DATABASE.nearestSearch
│   │   └── furthestSearch.json					# Populates $DATABASE.furthestSearch
│   ├── indexConfig.json						# Creates Search Index on $DATABASE
│   └── run.sh									# script that executes test
├── semantic-kernel-python						# Folder scoped for one Integration
│   ├── database								# Optional database definition
│   │   └── nearestSearch.json					# Populates $DATABASE.nearestSearch
│   │   └── furthestSearch.json					# Populates $DATABASE.furthestSearch
│   ├── indexConfig.json						# Creates Search Index on $DATABASE
│   └── run.sh									# script that executes test
```
```

Within each subdirectory you should expect to have:
- `run.sh`  --  A script that should handle any additional library installations and steps for executing the test suite. This script should not populate the Atlas database with any required test data.
- `database/` -- An optional directory used by `.evergreen/scaffold_atlas.py` to populate a MongoDB database with test data. Only provide this if your tests require pre-populated data.
- `database/{collection}.json` -- An optional JSON file containing one or more MongoDB documents that will be uploaded to `$DATABASE.{collection}` in the local Atlas instance. Only provide this if your tests require pre-populated data.
- `indexConfig.json` -- An optional file containing configuration for a specified Atlas Search Index.
- Additionally, you can add other useful files, including `.env` files, if required by your tests.

Each subdirectory holds the space for one repository, and within each subdirectory is where evergreen will clone the specified third-party library.

> The general layout of this repo will looks like this:
> ```bash
> ├── LICENSE										# License Agreeement

Author: ```suggestion
The general layout of this repo will looks like this:
```bash
├── LICENSE										# License Agreeement
```

├── README.md									# This Document
├── langchain-python							# Folder scoped for one Integration
│   └── run.sh									# script that executes test
├── semantic-kernel-csharp						# Folder scoped for one Integration
│   ├── database								# Optional database definition
│   │   └── nearestSearch.json					# Populates $DATABASE.nearestSearch
│   │   └── furthestSearch.json					# Populates $DATABASE.furthestSearch
│   ├── indexConfig.json						# Creates Search Index on $DATABASE
│   └── run.sh									# script that executes test
├── semantic-kernel-python						# Folder scoped for one Integration
│   ├── database								# Optional database definition
│   │   └── nearestSearch.json					# Populates $DATABASE.nearestSearch
│   │   └── furthestSearch.json					# Populates $DATABASE.furthestSearch

> │   ├── indexConfig.json						# Creates Search Index on $DATABASE
> │   └── run.sh									# script that executes test
> 

Author: ```suggestion
│   ├── indexConfig.json						# Creates Search Index on $DATABASE
│   └── run.sh									# script that executes test
```
```

- `database/` -- An optional directory used by `.evergreen/scaffold_atlas.py` to populate a MongoDB database with test data. Only provide this if your tests require pre-populated data.
- `database/{collection}.json` -- An optional JSON file containing one or more MongoDB documents that will be uploaded to `$DATABASE.{collection}` in the local Atlas instance. Only provide this if your tests require pre-populated data.
- `indexConfig.json` -- An optional file containing configuration for a specified Atlas Search Index.
- Additionally, you can add other useful files, including `.env` files, if required by your tests.

Each subdirectory holds the space for one repository, and within each subdirectory is where evergreen will clone the specified third-party library.

The general layout of this repo will looks like this:
```bash
├── LICENSE                                     # License Agreeement
├── README.md                                   # This Document
├── langchain-python                            # Folder scoped for one Integration

> │   └── run.sh                                  # script that executes test

Reviewer: ```suggestion
│   └── run.sh                                  # Script that executes test
```

For all of these lines.

├── semantic-kernel-csharp                      # Folder scoped for one Integration
│   ├── database                                # Optional database definition
│   │   └── nearestSearch.json                  # Populates $DATABASE.nearestSearch
│   │   └── furthestSearch.json                 # Populates $DATABASE.furthestSearch
│   ├── indexConfig.json                        # Creates Search Index on $DATABASE

> │   └── run.sh                                  # script that executes test

Author: ```suggestion
│   └── run.sh                                  # Script that executes test
```

├── semantic-kernel-python                      # Folder scoped for one Integration
│   ├── database                                # Optional database definition
│   │   └── nearestSearch.json                  # Populates $DATABASE.nearestSearch
│   │   └── furthestSearch.json                 # Populates $DATABASE.furthestSearch
│   ├── indexConfig.json                        # Creates Search Index on $DATABASE

> │   └── run.sh                                  # script that executes test

Author: ```suggestion
│   └── run.sh                                  # Script that executes test
```

```

### Configuring a Atlas CLI for testing
Each test subdirectory will automatically have its own local Atlas deployment. As a result, database and collection names will not conflict between different AI/ML integrations. To connect to your local Atlas using a connection string, call `$atlas` from the `run.sh` script within your subdirectory. This exposes the Atlas CLI binary. For example:

```bash
CONN_STRING=$($atlas deployments connect $DIR --connectWith connectionString)
```

> Stores the local Atlas URI within the `CONN_STRING` var. It can then pass `CONN_STRING` as an environment variable to the test suite.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Stores the local Atlas URI within the `CONN_STRING` var. Your script can then pass `CONN_STRING` as an environment variable to the test suite.
```

#### Pre-populating the Local Atlas Deployment
You can pre-populate a test's local Atlas deployment before running the `run.sh` script by providing JSON files in the optional `database` directory of the created subdirectory. The `.evergreen/scaffold_atlas.py` file will search for every JSON file within this database directory and upload the documents to the database provided by the `DATABASE` expansion provided in the buildvariant of the `.evergreen/config.yml` setup. The collection the script uploads to is based on the name of your JSON file:
- `critical_search.json` with `DATABASE: app` will upload all of its contents to `app.critical_search` collection.

> To create a search index, provide the search index configuration in the `indexConfig.json` file. The evergreen script will then create the search index before the `run.sh` script is executed. Adding multiple search indexes in the setup stage is not supported, but more indexes can be included in the `run.sh` by using the referenced `$atlas` binary.

Reviewer: Is adding multiple search indexes documented anywhere? Or is it covered in the CLI docs?

Author: It's not covered in the CLI docs. I imagine they're all single calls. I'll add 
```suggestion
To create a search index, provide the search index configuration in the `indexConfig.json` file. The evergreen script will then create the search index before the `run.sh` script is executed. Adding multiple search indexes in the setup stage is not supported, but more indexes can be included in the `run.sh` by using the referenced `$atlas` binary. See the ["Create an Atlas Search Index and Run a Query"](https://www.mongodb.com/docs/atlas/cli/stable/atlas-cli-deploy-fts/#create-an-atlas-search-index-and-run-a-query) documentation instructions on how to create a search index using Atlas CLI.
```

If you need more customized behavior when populating your database or configuring your local Atlas deployment, include that behavior in your `run.sh` script. The path to the `$atlas` binary is provided to that script. You can view more ways to configure local Atlas by visiting the [Atlas CLI local deployments documentation](https://www.mongodb.com/docs/atlas/cli/stable/atlas-cli-local-cloud/).

### Unpacking the Evergreen config file

Test execution flow is defined in `.evergreen/config.yml`. The test pipeline's config is structured as follows:

> **[Buildvariants](https://docs.devprod.prod.corp.mongodb.com/evergreen/Project-Configuration/Project-Configuration-Files#build-variants)** -- This is the highest granularity we will use to define how and when a test pipeline will run. A build variant defined should only ever be scoped to service one test pipeline. There can be multiple tasks run within the specified build variant, but they should all only scope themselves to a singular test pipeline in order to maintain an ease of traceability for testing.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**[Build variants](https://docs.devprod.prod.corp.mongodb.com/evergreen/Project-Configuration/Project-Configuration-Files#build-variants)** -- This is the highest granularity we will use to define how and when a test pipeline will run. A build variant defined should only ever be scoped to service one test pipeline. There can be multiple tasks run within the specified build variant, but they should all only scope themselves to a singular test pipeline in order to maintain an ease of traceability for testing.
```

([LangChain](https://github.com/langchain-ai/langchainjs), [LlamaIndex](https://github.com/run-llama/llama_index), [Semantic Kernel](https://github.com/microsoft/semantic-kernel)... etc) This repository runs continuous testing against each of these repos.

## How to add a test
> **NOTE** All tests run against this repo are now required to work against a local Atlas deployment. See details below to ensure proper setup.

### Test Layout

Each AI/ML pipeline is sorted by the composite of the name of the library, and the driver language the library is implemented in. This comes out in the format `{pipeline}-{language}` --> `semantic-kernel-python`. All tests should be scoped within the bounds of these subdirectories.

> Each subdirectory is scoped to run only one AI/ML Integration's suite of tests for one language within that cloned repository. For example, if an AI/ML Integration has both a Python and C# implementation of Atlas Vector Search, two subdirectories need to be made: one for Python, titled `{repo}-python`, and one for C#, titled `{repo}-csharp`. See `semantic-kernel-*` subdirectories in the layout example below.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Each subdirectory is scoped to run only one AI/ML integration's suite of tests for one language within that cloned repository. For example, if an AI/ML integration has both a Python and C# implementation of Atlas Vector Search, two subdirectories need to be made: one for Python, titled `{repo}-python`, and one for C#, titled `{repo}-csharp`. See `semantic-kernel-*` subdirectories in the layout example below.
```

For consistency with the rest of the document.

To create a search index, provide the search index configuration in the `indexConfig.json` file. The evergreen script will then create the search index before the `run.sh` script is executed. Adding multiple search indexes in the setup stage is not supported, but more indexes can be included in the `run.sh` by using the referenced `$atlas` binary. See the ["Create an Atlas Search Index and Run a Query"](https://www.mongodb.com/docs/atlas/cli/stable/atlas-cli-deploy-fts/#create-an-atlas-search-index-and-run-a-query) documentation instructions on how to create a search index using Atlas CLI.

If you need more customized behavior when populating your database or configuring your local Atlas deployment, include that behavior in your `run.sh` script. The path to the `$atlas` binary is provided to that script. You can view more ways to configure local Atlas by visiting the [Atlas CLI local deployments documentation](https://www.mongodb.com/docs/atlas/cli/stable/atlas-cli-local-cloud/).

### Unpacking the Evergreen config file

Test execution flow is defined in `.evergreen/config.yml`. The test pipeline's config is structured as follows:

> **[Build variants](https://docs.devprod.prod.corp.mongodb.com/evergreen/Project-Configuration/Project-Configuration-Files#build-variants)** -- This is the highest granularity we will use to define how and when a test pipeline will run. A build variant defined should only ever be scoped to service one test pipeline. There can be multiple tasks run within the specified build variant, but they should all only scope themselves to a singular test pipeline in order to maintain an ease of traceability for testing.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**[Build variants](https://docs.devprod.prod.corp.mongodb.com/evergreen/Project-Configuration/Project-Configuration-Files#build-variants)** -- This is the highest granularity we will use to define how and when a test pipeline will run. A build variant should only ever be scoped to service one test pipeline. There can be multiple tasks run within a build variant, but they should all only scope themselves to a singular test pipeline in order to maintain an ease of traceability for testing.
```

> -   `name` -- This should be in the format test-{pipeline}-{language}-{os}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-   `name` -- This should be in the format `test-{pipeline}-{language}-{os}`
```

-   `display_name` -- This can be named however you see fit. Ensure it is easy to understand. See `.evergreen/config.yml` for examples

> -   [`expansions`](https://docs.devprod.prod.corp.mongodb.com/evergreen/Project-Configuration/Project-Configuration-Files/#expansions) -- These are how we store buildvariant specific variables. Additionally, for expansions that need to be maintained as secrets, please update those in t[he evergreen project settings](https://spruce.mongodb.com/project/ai-ml-pipeline-testing/settings/variables) using [variables](https://docs.devprod.prod.corp.mongodb.com/evergreen/Project-Configuration/Project-and-Distro-Settings#variables). Some common expansions needed are:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
-   [`expansions`](https://docs.devprod.prod.corp.mongodb.com/evergreen/Project-Configuration/Project-Configuration-Files/#expansions) -- These are how we store buildvariant specific variables. Additionally, for expansions that need to be maintained as secrets, please update those in [the evergreen project settings](https://spruce.mongodb.com/project/ai-ml-pipeline-testing/settings/variables) using [variables](https://docs.devprod.prod.corp.mongodb.com/evergreen/Project-Configuration/Project-and-Distro-Settings#variables). Some common expansions needed are:
```

> -   [`expansions`](https://docs.devprod.prod.corp.mongodb.com/evergreen/Project-Configuration/Project-Configuration-Files/#expansions) -- These are how we store buildvariant specific variables. Additionally, for expansions that need to be maintained as secrets, please update those in [the evergreen project settings](https://spruce.mongodb.com/project/ai-ml-pipeline-testing/settings/variables) using [variables](https://docs.devprod.prod.corp.mongodb.com/evergreen/Project-Configuration/Project-and-Distro-Settings#variables). Some common expansions needed are:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-   [`expansions`](https://docs.devprod.prod.corp.mongodb.com/evergreen/Project-Configuration/Project-Configuration-Files/#expansions) -- Build variant specific variables. Expansions that need to be maintained as secrets should be stored in [the Evergreen project settings](https://spruce.mongodb.com/project/ai-ml-pipeline-testing/settings/variables) using [variables](https://docs.devprod.prod.corp.mongodb.com/evergreen/Project-Configuration/Project-and-Distro-Settings#variables). Some common expansions needed are:
```

    -   `DIR` -- The subdirectory where the tasks will run

>     -   `REPO_NAME` -- The name of the repository that will get cloned

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    -   `REPO_NAME` -- The name of the AI/ML framework repository that will get cloned
```

>     -   `CLONE_URL` -- The github url to clone into the specified DIR

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    -   `CLONE_URL` -- The Github URL to clone into the specified `DIR`
```

>     -   `DATABASE` -- The database atlas cli will load your index configs (optional)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    -   `DATABASE` -- The optional database where the Atlas CLI will load your index configs 
```

> -   `run_on` -- Specified platform to run on. `rhel90-small` is a fine default. Any other distro may fail atlas cli setup.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
-   `run_on` -- Specified platform to run on. `rhel87-small` is a fine default. Any other distro may fail atlas cli setup.
```

> -   `run_on` -- Specified platform to run on. `rhel87-small` is a fine default. Any other distro may fail atlas cli setup.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-   `run_on` -- Specified platform to run on. `rhel87-small` is a fine default. Any other distro may fail Atlas CLI setup.
```

If any other distro may fail, should we require that `rhel87-small` be used?

Author: I didn't want to require the distro in case other languages had problems (similar to how python had issues using rhel90, or Atlas CLI need rhel87+).

Reviewer: Maybe specify that for Python integrations `rhel87-small` should be used by default?

-   `tasks` -- Tasks to run. See below for more details

> -   `cron` -- The tests are run via a cron job on a weekly cadence. However, this can be augmented by setting a different cadence. Cron jobs can be scheduled using [cron syntax](https://crontab.guru/#0_0_*_*_0)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-   `cron` -- The tests are run via a cron job on a weekly cadence. This can be modified by setting a different cadence. Cron jobs can be scheduled using [cron syntax](https://crontab.guru/#0_0_*_*_0)
```

I thought we were planning to run these tests nightly?

Author: Yep. We did. Went ahead and edited the change to reflect that. (It's running nightly now)

> -   [`fetch repo`](https://github.com/mongodb-labs/ai-ml-pipeline-testing/blob/main/.evergreen/config.yml#L30) -- Clone's the library's git repository; make sure to provide the expansion CLONE_URL

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-   [`fetch repo`](https://github.com/mongodb-labs/ai-ml-pipeline-testing/blob/main/.evergreen/config.yml#L30) -- Clones the library's git repository; make sure to provide the expansion CLONE_URL
```

> -   [`execute tests`](https://github.com/mongodb-labs/ai-ml-pipeline-testing/blob/main/.evergreen/config.yml#L51) -- Using [subprocess.exec](https://docs.devprod.prod.corp.mongodb.com/evergreen/Project-Configuration/Project-Commands#subprocessexec) Runs the provided `run.sh` file that needs to be within the specified DIR path.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-   [`execute tests`](https://github.com/mongodb-labs/ai-ml-pipeline-testing/blob/main/.evergreen/config.yml#L51) -- Uses [subprocess.exec](https://docs.devprod.prod.corp.mongodb.com/evergreen/Project-Configuration/Project-Commands#subprocessexec) to run the provided `run.sh` file. `run.sh` must be within the specified `DIR` path.
```

-   `fetch source` -- Retrieves the current (`ai-ml-pipeline-testing`) repo

> -   `setup atlas cli` -- Sets up the local atlas deployment

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-   `setup atlas cli` -- Sets up the local Atlas deployment
```
